Add reference to Lit-Plugin for intellisense (#5448)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: new-backoffice/extending/development-flow/README.md

npm install -D --registry https://www.myget.org/F/umbracoprereleases/npm @umbraco-cms/backoffice@14.0.0--preview001
```

## Visual Studio Code

> If you're using Visual Studio Code you can install the extension [Lit-Plugin](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=runem.lit-plugin) to get intellisense for Lit Elements and UUI Components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using Visual Studio Code you can install the extension [Lit-Plugin](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=runem.lit-plugin) to get intellisense for Lit Elements and Umbraco UI Library Components.
```
